welcome to the world of aquafx by Island
land care for nearly 20 years aqua
effects team of talented professionals
have been creating aquascapes to marvel
at and are proud to be New York's
exclusive retailer for the aquascape
system in this short video presentation
you'll learn more about the company and
the process that is sure to transform
your backyard into a perfect paradise
setting all your own it all starts here
at your demolition phase no matter how
much or how little clearing is needed
the aqua effects professionals will
clear your land and set the groundwork
for your new state-of-the-art aquascape
creation
next is the planning stage owner Jeff
ingrassia takes pride in personally
overseeing your new aquascape from
beginning to end years of experience in
the industry coupled with innate
artistic abilities ensure that you will
absolutely fall in love with your new
piece of paradise once construction
begins the rest of the talented staff
joins in the process in just days you
will see your backyard being transformed
Jeff and his team pride themselves in
being detail-oriented and in their
extreme care while working on your
property their goal isn't to meet your
expectations rather to exceed them once
a major work is done things start well
taking shape
you're aquascape will come complete with
all the benefits of your newly installed
complete ecosystem your aquascape will
be completed with all of nature's
natural elements gravel boulders rocks
aquatic plant life and of course no
aquascape will be complete without some
additional family pets that's right
adding goldfish or japanese koi will
invigorate your ponds ecosystem and add
life to your already bustling new
backyard sit back relax and enjoy the
sights and sounds of only a few of the
amazing aquascapes created by the aqua
effects team
professional landscaping is an important
part of your home it provides an
extension of your interior rooms and
recreates tranquil pockets of nature
allowing you to relax enjoy and take in
all of your new sights and sounds
and professional Realtors would agree
and inviting a beautiful landscape can
actually increase your property value
whatever your project may include allow
aqua effects to ensure that it shines
both day and night once night falls
you're safe and professional outdoor
lighting will illuminate your new
aquascape with the mystery and charm of
an enchanted caribbean cove indulge
yourself in the nocturnal sounds of your
newly transformed backyard
the aqua effects team can create
anything from the most imaginative to
just adding that extra touch you've been
seeking
your new landscape will provide soothing
sounds from a soft babbling brook to a
crashing cascading waterfall of course
all nestled with the perfect combination
of walks patios arbors trellises and
anything else you can think up to make
your backyard spectacular
using a variety of pavers and stewart
techniques we can create for you an
entranceway that rivals the most
majestic estates on Long Island
or perhaps a functional and beautiful
backyard entertaining area
please be sure to ask about our
commercial display sites these sites are
located conveniently the rock long
gallop and allow you to see close up
just what makes aquafx aquascapes so
spectacular and remember your questions
are important to us so please be sure to
ask anything that's on your mind we're
eager to ensure that for your next
get-together your backyard is as
breathtaking as you have always
envisioned it our professionalism and
excellence in creative backyard design
has made us an increasingly popular
choice for many long islanders so to
ensure your project availability be sure
to schedule your transformation early
and transform your property into
perfection
you